"The pause is as important as the note."  - Truman Fisher
"Which is more musical: a truck passing by a factory or a truck passing by a music school?" - John Cage
"It's useless to play lullabies for those who cannot sleep." - John Cage
"Wherever we are, what we hear is mostly noise. When we ignore it, it disturbs us. When we listen to it, we find it fascinating." - John Cage
"Music is a means of Rapid Transportation" - John Cage
"Until I die there will be sounds. And they will continue following my death. One need not fear about the future of music." - John Cage
"If this word 'music' is sacred and reserved for eighteenth and nineteenth century instruments, we can substitute a more meaningful term:  organization of sound." - John Cage
"If you play a tune and a person don't tap their feet, don't play the tune." - Count Basie
"After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music."  - Aldus Huxley
"I don't care much about music. What I like is sounds." - Dizzy Gillespie
"I don't know anything about music. In my line you don't have to." - Elvis Presley
"If we compel the composer to write in terms of what the listener is able to hear, we flirt with the danger of freezing the evolution of musical language, whose progressive development comes about through transgressions of a given era's perceptual habits." - Jean-Jacques Nattiez
"Music is an extraordinary locksmith; it is so competent that it can open our soul's door even with closed eyes!" - Mehmet Idan
"If music be the food of love, play on" - William Shakespeare -- Twelfth Night
"In music the passions enjoy themselves." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"Without music life would be a mistake." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"What we play is life." - Louis Armstrong
"If it sounds good, it IS good." - Duke Ellington
"Creativity and artistic endeavors have a mission that goes far beyond just making music for the sake of music." - Herbie Hancock
"Creativity shouldn't be following radio; it should be the other way around." - Herbie Hancock
"You would not exist if you did not have something to bring to the table of life." - Herbie Hancock
"Music is a higher revelation than all wisdom and philosophy" - Ludwig van Beethoven
"In the best of all possible worlds, art would be unnecessary...The audience would be the artist and their life would be art." - Glenn Gould
"We do not play the piano with our fingers but with our mind." - Glenn Gould
"I often think in music.  I live my daydreams in music." - Albert Einstein
"It occurred to me by intuition, and music was the driving force behind that intuition. My discovery was the result of musical perception."  - Albert Einstein on the Theory of Relativity
"Music gives a soul to the universe, wings to the mind, flight to the imagination, and life to everything." - Plato
"In our culture we have such respect for musical instruments, they are like part of God." - Ravi Shankar
"Music melts all the separate parts of our bodies together - Anais Nin
"Where words fail, music speaks" - Hans Christian Andersen
"Music washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life." - Berthold Aurbach
"The little dissatisfaction which every artist feels at the completion of a work forms the germ of a new work." - Berthold Aurbach
"A bird does not sing because it has an answer. It sings because it has a song." - Anonymous (Chinese Proverb)
"The artist is not a different kind of person, but every person is a different kind of artist." - Eric Gill
"Creativity takes courage." - Henri  Matisse
"I assure you that the typewritting machine, when played with expression, is not more annoying than the piano when played by a sister or near relation." - Oscar Wilde
"Music makes one feel so romantic - at least it always gets on one's nerves - which is the same thing nowadays." - Oscar Wilde
"Music is the art which is most nigh to tears and memory." - Oscar Wilde
"Music begins where words end." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"Music is your own experience, your thoughts, your wisdom.  If you don't live it, it won't come out of your horn." - Charlie Parker
"You are the music while the music lasts." - T.S. Eliot
"Music rots when it gets too far from the dance.  Poetry atrophies when it gets too far from music."  - Ezra Pound
"Music expresses feeling and thought, without language; it was below and before speech, and it is above and beyond all words."  - Robert G. Ingersoll
"The joy of music should never be interrupted by a commercial."  - Leonard Bernstein
"The city is built / To music, therefore never built at all, / And therefore built forever." - Alfred Lord Tennyson
"Life is one grand, sweet song, so start the music." - Ronald Reagan's Highschool yearbook caption
"Are we not formed, as notes of music are, / For one another, though dissimilar?" - Percy Bysshe Shelley
"Turn it upside down" - Brian Eno, Oblique Strategies (Thoughts to break musical deadlocks)
"Discover the recipes you are using and abandon them" - Brian Eno, Oblique Strategies (Thoughts to break musical deadlocks)
"Disciplined self-indulgence" - Brian Eno, Oblique Strategies (Thoughts to break musical deadlocks)
"Ask your body" - Brian Eno, Oblique Strategies (Thoughts to break musical deadlocks)
"Only a part, not the whole" - Brian Eno, Oblique Strategies (Thoughts to break musical deadlocks)
"Don't be frightened to display your talents" - Brian Eno, Oblique Strategies (Thoughts to break musical deadlocks)
"Cascades" - Brian Eno, Oblique Strategies (Thoughts to break musical deadlocks)
"What would your closest friend do?" - Brian Eno, Oblique Strategies (Thoughts to break musical deadlocks)
"Accept advice" - Brian Eno, Oblique Strategies (Thoughts to break musical deadlocks)
"Discard an axiom" - Brian Eno, Oblique Strategies (Thoughts to break musical deadlocks)
"Infinitesimal gradations" - Brian Eno, Oblique Strategies (Thoughts to break musical deadlocks)
"Faced with a choice, do both" - Brian Eno, Oblique Strategies (Thoughts to break musical deadlocks)
"Consider transitions" - Brian Eno, Oblique Strategies (Thoughts to break musical deadlocks)
"Don't be afraid of things because they're easy to do" - Brian Eno, Oblique Strategies (Thoughts to break musical deadlocks)
